Writeup For Exercises 
------------

###Working with Outwit Hub

When I first heard of Outwit Hub I thought it was just a system to look at a web pages source, something any web browser can do. But after using it for a bit it seems like it has some powerful tools.

***Essentially...***

It looks for tag's and takes the data inside them, and produces a 2_by_N spreadsheet with a tag referring to data. It's a great too for when the data is easy to access but tedious to collect.

###Working with BASH Scripts as a Data Mining Tool 

This is more my style, using BASH commands to collect data. Reading through the command it is relatively simple. It downloads the JSON based on each key in the search. Its not as clean as the HTML scraper as it does not store it as a .CSV it is stored in a single document separated by JSON objects. I worked with Wget in my studies as a computer scientist. Normally it is used as a simple application downloader. What i saw here was something i didn't know Wget could do. Downloading entire websites or sections is a very powerful tool. 

This was inspiration for my project as I wanted to use a script. 

###Voyant and R

Voyant is the coolest tool I've found in this course and in my project it was incredibly useful. The best use I found was the removal of stop words and the Keywords in context tool. The keywords in context is very useful when topic modeling does not work. What I found very useful was to get the KWIC and reload them as the corpus then do a word cloud on them. The results are very showing.

With R I was hesitant, It's a very intimidating system. I compare it to MATLAB for words. After spending a bit of time with Dr. Graham I started to understand it. I used it in my project with the package syuzhet. Despite not doing the exercise for this I feel that I understood the tool. I did learn everything that the exercise was offering through my experience with syuzhet. I downloaded packages, set up working directories, use the tools functions. I even learned some .csv modifications or importing.

###InkScape + Colour Theroy

I have some experience with Inkscape and Adobe Illustrator. I haven't really ever made something with it. Going through the exercise it was interesting because I did not realize that PDF's could be manipulated the way they were in the exercise. Selecting and rotating certain parts of the pdf was really something new to me. I did do my entire poster in inkscape and used an online utility to help choose colours. It would choose complementary colours from ones i gave it. That led me to choose the red/blue combo and the lighter blue.   


